When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    In order to collaborate with others and for a cloud-based backup

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Other people might be working on the same branch and you wouldn't want those
    updates to be automatically pulled into your local directory.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a copy of a GitHub repo that exists on your account after forking it
    from someone else's account. A clone copies a GH repo from GH to your local
    machine. A branch can exist in GH and/or locally and represents a change for
    a new feature, for example, without disrupting the master branch's progress.
    You'd use a fork if you don't have permission to edit someone else's repo; you'd
    clone if you want to make changes to a repo locally; you'd create a branch
    if you want to make a new feature without disrupting the master.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can fetch changes from GH without necessarily merging them immediately
    into master.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    We'd just files back and forth, maybe use Dropbox or Google Drive...
    It would be easier to know when someone did something they wanted me to know about
    but it would be hard to know what the changes were and we wouldn't have access
    to the old versions unless we deliberately "saved-as" every time.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    If you're working on a different feature and/or working with other collaborators
    and you don't want to make updates to the master without other people having
    a chance to see what you did and perhaps someone else merging your pull request.
    You can't do a PR if you're updating master but you can if you're working
    on a branch.
